DOCS-6705 OTel/APM guide for custom instrumentation interop and trace context/IDs (#20765)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/otel_instrumentation/go.md

| Feature                               | Support notes                       |
|---------------------------------------|------------------------------------|

> | [OpenTelemetry Context propagation][1]         | [W3C and Datadog header formats][9] are used. |

Reviewer: Oh another comment, maybe we can say that these are enabled by default. So taking the previous comment and this comment together, it would look like the following. What do you think?
```suggestion
| [OpenTelemetry Context propagation][1]         | [W3C Trace Context and Datadog header formats][9] are enabled, by default. |
```

| [Span processors][2]                  | Unsupported                                          |
| [Span Exporters][3]                   | Unsupported                                            |

> | Trace/span [ID generators][4]         | [128-bit ID generation][12] is performed by `ddtrace`.           |

Reviewer: Trace ID's and Span ID's have different sizes, so maybe we can reword it to something like this? I also substituted `ddtrace` with `tracing library` so we could copy/paste this description to other languages, if you think that's okay.

```suggestion
| Trace/span [ID generators][4]         | ID generation is performed by the tracing library, with support for [128-bit trace ID's][12].           |
```
